README.md, before:

## Big Bear CasaOS App Store

This repository contains the BigBearCasaOS App Store. This app store is a community app store that is not maintained by the CasaOS team. It is maintained by BigBearTechWorld and the BigBearCommunity.

## App Store URL

```text
https://github.com/bigbeartechworld/big-bear-casaos/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
```

## App Store Suggestions

If you have a suggestion for an app, please post in our suggestion discord on the [BigBearCommunity](https://discord.gg/ykwA7wsnP8) server.

# Support The Project

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/E1E5NDK3I)

## Apps

| App Name                 | Version        | Video                                         |
| ------------------------ | -------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| 2fauth                   | 4.2.3          |                                               |
| Actual Budget            | 23.10.0        |                                               |
| AdGuard Home             | v0.107.39      |                                               |
| Apache Guacamole         | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/6cu0kfP50Jg) |
| Baserow                  | 1.20.0         |                                               |
| cAdvisor                 | latest         |                                               |
| Code Server              | latest         |                                               |
| CodeX Docs               | v2.1           |                                               |
| Dashdot                  | latest         |                                               |
| Dashy                    | 2.1.1          |                                               |
| Flame                    | multiarch2.3.1 | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/p_P_jKmJRz8) |
| Focalboard               | 7.11.4         |                                               |
| Ghost                    | 5.69.0-alpine  |                                               |
| Glances                  | 3.4.0.3-full   |                                               |
| Gluetun                  | latest         |                                               |
| Gotify                   | 2.4.0          |                                               |
| Homer                    | latest         |                                               |
| Homarr                   | latest         |                                               |
| Homepage                 | latest         |                                               |
| Immich                   | v1.82.1        |                                               |
| Mailpit                  | v1.7           |                                               |
| MIND                     | latest         |                                               |
| Mumble Server            | v1.4.230-6     |                                               |
| Node-RED                 | 3.1.0          |                                               |
| Ntfy.sh                  | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/wSWhtSNwTd8) |
| OnlyOffice               | latest         |                                               |
| Pingvin Share            | latest         |                                               |
| Portainer Agent          | 2.19.1         |                                               |
| Pterodactyl Panel        | v1.11.5        |                                               |
| Pterodactyl Wings        | v1.11.8        |                                               |
| Python Matter Server     | stable         |                                               |
| Scrypted                 | latest         |                                               |
| Speedtest Tracker        | v0.13.1        |                                               |
| TP-Link Omada Controller | 5.9            |                                               |
| Traccar                  | latest         |                                               |
| Umami                    | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/4DEF5fNf8hU) |
| What's Up Docker         | latest         |                                               |
| WordPress                | latest         |                                               |

## UI How to

[![Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rqFUeDDb5uA/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/rqFUeDDb5uA)

> **NOTE: Custom Appstore is only supported on CasaOS version [0.4.4](https://blog.casaos.io/blog/32.html)**

## Contributions

We warmly welcome and deeply appreciate all contributions, no matter how big or small they may be! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts ❤️

## Credit

Props to WisdomSky for giving me the template to build this app store. Check his app store out to: [https://github.com/WisdomSky/CasaOS-Coolstore](https://github.com/WisdomSky/CasaOS-Coolstore)

Commit message:

Add video links to README.md

README.md, after:

## Big Bear CasaOS App Store

This repository contains the BigBearCasaOS App Store. This app store is a community app store that is not maintained by the CasaOS team. It is maintained by BigBearTechWorld and the BigBearCommunity.

## App Store URL

```text
https://github.com/bigbeartechworld/big-bear-casaos/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
```

## App Store Suggestions

If you have a suggestion for an app, please post in our suggestion discord on the [BigBearCommunity](https://discord.gg/ykwA7wsnP8) server.

# Support The Project

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/E1E5NDK3I)

## Apps

| App Name                 | Version        | Video                                         |
| ------------------------ | -------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| 2fauth                   | 4.2.3          |                                               |
| Actual Budget            | 23.10.0        |                                               |
| AdGuard Home             | v0.107.39      |                                               |
| Apache Guacamole         | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/6cu0kfP50Jg) |
| Baserow                  | 1.20.0         |                                               |
| cAdvisor                 | latest         |                                               |
| Code Server              | latest         |                                               |
| CodeX Docs               | v2.1           | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/dKm2VJwam24) |
| Dashdot                  | latest         |                                               |
| Dashy                    | 2.1.1          |                                               |
| Flame                    | multiarch2.3.1 | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/p_P_jKmJRz8) |
| Focalboard               | 7.11.4         |                                               |
| Ghost                    | 5.69.0-alpine  |                                               |
| Glances                  | 3.4.0.3-full   |                                               |
| Gluetun                  | latest         |                                               |
| Gotify                   | 2.4.0          |                                               |
| Homer                    | latest         |                                               |
| Homarr                   | latest         |                                               |
| Homepage                 | latest         |                                               |
| Immich                   | v1.82.1        |                                               |
| Mailpit                  | v1.7           |                                               |
| MIND                     | latest         |                                               |
| Mumble Server            | v1.4.230-6     |                                               |
| Node-RED                 | 3.1.0          |                                               |
| Ntfy.sh                  | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/wSWhtSNwTd8) |
| OnlyOffice               | latest         |                                               |
| Pingvin Share            | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/SRJUS7h1vhU) |
| Portainer Agent          | 2.19.1         |                                               |
| Pterodactyl Panel        | v1.11.5        |                                               |
| Pterodactyl Wings        | v1.11.8        |                                               |
| Python Matter Server     | stable         |                                               |
| Scrypted                 | latest         |                                               |
| Speedtest Tracker        | v0.13.1        |                                               |
| TP-Link Omada Controller | 5.9            |                                               |
| Traccar                  | latest         |                                               |
| Umami                    | latest         | [YouTube Video](https://youtu.be/4DEF5fNf8hU) |
| What's Up Docker         | latest         |                                               |
| WordPress                | latest         |                                               |

## UI How to

[![Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rqFUeDDb5uA/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/rqFUeDDb5uA)

> **NOTE: Custom Appstore is only supported on CasaOS version [0.4.4](https://blog.casaos.io/blog/32.html)**

## Contributions

We warmly welcome and deeply appreciate all contributions, no matter how big or small they may be! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts ❤️

## Credit

Props to WisdomSky for giving me the template to build this app store. Check his app store out to: [https://github.com/WisdomSky/CasaOS-Coolstore](https://github.com/WisdomSky/CasaOS-Coolstore)
